Now after adding our own value here between the quotation marks and our own argument after the colon,
I also want to add a modifier.
Now how do you do that?
Let's first think about what this modifier could do here,
let's say we want to change the style delayed,
so we want to wait let's say three seconds before changing the style.
We only want to do this though if I add the delayed modifier,
so .delayed, of course it doesn't exist yet
but now we can create such a modifier to handle this case.
So in the main.js file, I therefore want to check if we get this modifier set up,
I will therefore set a variable of delay which is zero by default,
so to have no delay and then I want to check if our binding has modifiers.
Now modifiers is an array and there I want to check
or an object
I should say, excuse me, and then I want to check if we have the delayed key here.
So I'm checking if this key exists in the modifiers array, if that is something we do have
and if we do have delayed added, then I want to set a delay to 3000 here, to have 3 seconds.
That allows me to now add a set timeout function where I will wait for the delay duration which is 0
initially but can be 3000 if we add the modifier
and in the callback function here, well there I simply want to execute this code I had outside of the
callback or outside of the timeout function before.
Now with that we see if I reload this, it takes a couple of seconds before the styling is applied
because we do have the delayed modifier added.
Now of course, if I remove the delayed modifier here and save this again, you now see it instantly
is red because now again, we don't have a delay, only if I add delayed here do we get this. And important,
modifiers
here is an object because of course we can add multiple modifiers by chaining multiple modifiers,
like this,
so another modifier by .another.
But here we only have one and I can use it by simply accessing it here as a property which will only
give me true if it is set and that is how I can use my own modifier here on my own directive.